1. Consider a simple Web browser that takes as input a textual string in
  html format and displays the specified graphics on the screen. Is the
  display process one of compilation or interpretation?

  **Interpretation**

2. In designing a compiler, you will face many tradeoffs. What are the
  five qualities that you, as a user, consider most important in a compiler
  that you purchase? Does that list change when you are the compiler
  writer? What does your list tell you about a compiler that you would
  implement?

  **As a user: the speed of executable file, the memory usage of the final file, the error warning, the page style, the usability**

  **My list tells me: Interaction with user matters a lot.**

3. Compilers are used in many different circumstances. What differences
  might you expect in compilers designed for the following applications?
  a. A just-in-time compiler used to translate user interface code
  downloaded over a network

  **Fast! Fast ! Fast!**

  b. A compiler that targets the embedded processor used in a cellular
  telephone

  **The memory usage should be small and the speed of reaction should be quick**.

  c. A compiler used in an introductory programming course at a high
  school

  **It should be comprehensive and easy to understand.**

  d. A compiler used to build wind-tunnel simulations that run on a
  massively parallel processor (where all processors are identical)

  **It can't be correct and precise enough.**

  e. A compiler that targets numerically intensive programs to a large
  number of diverse machines.

  **It should be correct and precise**